README.md, before:

# Videos on CS:GO Stash [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/releases/latest) [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/issues)
Userscript that adds videos from [CS:GO Skin Showcase](https://www.youtube.com/user/ffffinal) YouTube channel to [CS:GO Stash](csgostash.com) website.

[![Preview image](http://i.imgur.com/3BX5QcI.gif)](http://i.imgur.com/3BX5QcI.gifv)

### Download
* [GitHub](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/raw/master/videos-on-csgo-stash.user.js)

### Contribute
Please report any issues or request features on the [issues tracker](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/issues).

### TODO
Nothing currently. Feel free to request a feature.

### The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2015 HatScripts

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

- Add browser extension links for those without a userscript manager installed - Add GreasyFork and OpenUserJS download links

README.md, after:

# Videos on CS:GO Stash [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/releases/latest) [![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/issues)
Userscript that adds videos from [CS:GO Skin Showcase](https://www.youtube.com/user/ffffinal) YouTube channel to [CS:GO Stash](csgostash.com) website.

[![Preview image](http://i.imgur.com/3BX5QcI.gif)](http://i.imgur.com/3BX5QcI.gifv)

### Download
This is a userscript. To use it you'll first need one of the following browser extensions/add-ons:

Browser | Extension/Add-on
--------|----------------
![Icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/chrome-android/chrome-android_16x16.png) Chrome  | [Tampermonkey](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo)
![Icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/firefox/firefox_16x16.png) Firefox | [Greasemonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/)
![Icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/opera/opera_16x16.png) Opera   | [Violentmonkey](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/violent-monkey/)
![Icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alrra/browser-logos/master/safari/safari_16x16.png) Safari | [Tampermonkey](https://safari.tampermonkey.net/tampermonkey.safariextz)

If you already have one of the above, install this script from one of the following links:
* [GitHub](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/raw/master/videos-on-csgo-stash.user.js)
* [GreasyFork](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/16668-videos-on-cs-go-stash/code/Videos%20on%20CS:GO%20Stash.user.js)
* [OpenUserJS](https://openuserjs.org/install/HatScripts/Videos_on_CSGO_Stash.user.js)

### Contribute
Please report any issues or request features on the [issues tracker](https://github.com/HatScripts/VideosOnCSGOStash/issues).

### TODO
Nothing currently. Feel free to request a feature.

### The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2015 HatScripts

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
